style rules for marketplace (#214)
devrev/fern-api-docs: style/style-marketplace.md

## Marketplace-specific style

### Document structure

> - Start with a paragraph, not a title or heading.
> - The first section should be an H2 titled "Features" containing a bulleted list of the snap-in features.
> - The second section should be an H2 titled "Installation" containing a numbered list of the installation instructions.
> - The third section should be an H2 titled "Configuration" containing a numbered list of the configuration instructions.
> - No other sections are allowed.

Author: ```suggestion
A paragraph introduces each marketplace document, preceding any titles or headings.

### Required sections

- The first section uses an H2 heading "Features" with a bulleted list of snap-in features.
- The second section uses an H2 heading "Installation" with numbered installation instructions.
- The third section uses an H2 heading "Configuration" with numbered configuration instructions.
- The document contains no additional sections.
```
